ChocAn- (Chocoholics Anonymous)- Organization for assisting chocolate addiction

Member- A user who has paid subscription to ChocAn

Provider- Health Care Professional which provides services to ChocAn members

Member Card- A plastic card embossed with the member’s name and a 9 digit member number. The card also contains a magnetic strip with encoded information

ChocAn Computer Terminal- A device similar to a credit card reader. The Terminal has a one-line display. A provider slides a member card through the terminal and the information is relayed to the ChocAn Data Center for verification. Post service, the provider uses the terminal to provide billing to ChocAn.

Provider Directory- An alphabetically ordered list of service names and corresponding service codes and fees. Sent as an email attachment

Service Code- Code for services which can be billed to ChocAn by a provider.

Record- A file which contains the Current Date and Time, Date service was provided,
Provider number, member number, service code, and comments. Written to disk.

Report (member)- An email attachment which lists the members name, number, street address, state, zip code, and a list of each service provided which has the date of service, provider name, and service name.

Report (provider)- An email attachment that lists the services they provided to ChocAn members. Contains: Provider name (25 characters). Provider number (9 digits). Provider street address (25 characters). Provider city (14 characters). Provider state (2 letters). Provider ZIP code (5 digits). For each service provided, the following details are required: Date of service (MM–DD–YYYY). Date and time data were received by the computer (MM–DD–YYYY HH:MM:SS). Member name (25 characters). Member number (9 digits). Service code (6 digits). Fee to be paid (up to $999.99). Total number of consultations with members (3 digits). Total fee for week (up to $99,999.99). 

Summary Report- Lists every provider to be paid that week, the number of consultations for each, and the total fee, as well as the total number of providers who provided services, the total number of consultations, and the overall fee total are printed.
