Use case: Swipe Card (Jake M)
Context: This use case is used when the provider swipes the members card
Actors: Provider, Member, System
Main Success Scenario: 
1. The number is looked up in the system. 
2. If the number is valid, the word “Validated” appears on the one-line display.

Extensions:
2a. If the number is not valid than “Invalid number” is displayed
2b. If the member doesn’t have a current membership “Member suspended” is displayed

Use Case: Bill ChocAn (Jake B)
Context: This use case is used by the provider to bill ChocAn after a health care service has been provided to a member.
Actors: Provider, System
Main Success Scenario:
1. The provider passes the member’s card through the card reader or keys in the member number.
2. If the entry is valid, the provider enters the date the service was performed and the code corresponding to the service.
3. The software displays the name of the service to be verified that it is the correct service by the provider.
3.1. The provider can add comments about the service provided if so desired.
4. The provider tells the software that it is the right service.
5. The software writes various information provided to a disc.
6. The software looks up and displays the fee to be paid to the provider.
7. The provider fills out a form with various information including the fee to be paid.
8. At the end of the week, the provider totals the fees for that week.

Extensions:
2a. If the number is invalid, “Invalid number” is displayed.
2b. If the member is suspended, “Member suspended” is displayed.
3a. If the service number entered doesn’t exist, an error message is printed.
4a. If the service number is for the wrong service, the provider says that it is the wrong service.
	
Use Case: Send Reports (Amber)
Context: This use case is used to send the list of services provided in the current week to the members via emails as requested by the ChocAn Manager or on Friday midnight.
Actors: Member, Manager, ChocAn Data Center
Main Success Scenario:
1. The Manager requests the Data center to run individual reports.
2. The system gathers a list of services provided to the members, sorted in the order of date of service provided and corresponding Provider’s name and Date of service.
3. The system then sends this list to the member’s email as an attachment.
 
Extensions:
1a. At midnight on Friday, the main accounting procedure is automatically run at the ChocAn Data Center. 


Use Case: Send Directory (Nate)
Context: This use case is used to send the provider directory as an email attachment to the provider.
Actors: Provider, System
Main Success Scenario:
1. The provider requests that the software give a Provider Directory.
2. The system gathers an alphabetically ordered list of service names and corresponding service codes and fees.
3. The system sends the Provider Directory to the provider’s email as an attachment.


Use Case: Manage Members (Jake M)
Context: This use case is used when new members are added, members are deleted, and update member records. Similar things can happen with providers.
Actors: Operators
Main Success Scenario: 
1. The operator adds a new member
2. The operator deletes a member who has resigned
3. The operator updates member records
4. The operator adds a new provider
5. The operator deletes a provider who has resigned
6. The operator updates provider records
